[Docs] Add guide for contributing `mesheryctl` reference (#6045)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-cli.md

**Unit Tests**

> Unit test code coverage reports can be found in the [CodeCov logs](https://app.codecov.io/gh/meshery/meshery/).  (Note: GitHub login may be required for access)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit test code coverage reports can be found in the [CodeCov logs](https://app.codecov.io/gh/meshery/meshery/).  _Note: GitHub login may be required for access._
```

**Documentation**

> The documentation pages for `mesheryctl` reference are made with the help of `golang` script which will be triggered on PR merge using GitHub Actions. Refer to [Contributing mesheryctl documentation](#contributing-to-mesheryctl-documentation) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation pages for `mesheryctl` reference are made with the help of the Cobra Golang framework and use of GitHub Actions. Refer to [Contributing to mesheryctl documentation](#contributing-to-mesheryctl-documentation) for details.
```

Integration tests: Individual components are combined and tested as a group.

# Contributing to mesheryctl documentation

> The documentation for `mesheryctl` is made different such that if the change is made on any of the `mesheryctl`'s golang files, the documentation page is created after the PR is merged, thereby reducing the extra work to update the documentation pages. To contribute to this section, follow the below steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Meshery CLI Reference](/reference/mesheryctl) is autogenerated based on docs sections in each of  `mesheryctl`'s Golang files. Meshery CLI Reference pages are updated each time a change to its respective `mesheryctl` Golang file is merged into the project's `master` branch. This approach to documentation facilitates a single source of truth for CLI syntax and command behavior, which results in higher quality reference and a reduction in the toil involved in keeping documentation up-to-date. To contribute to the Meshery CLI Reference, follow these steps:
```
